# Issue with Numbered List Not Changing Font Size in CKEditor

This ticket was opened by the Middleware Team, supposedly by Rolasta Sitorus, which initiated a support ticket at 14th February 2025 to report a concerning font size changes in ordered lists within CKEditor. The main problem was that when the font size of an ordered list is changed, the text inside the list changes size correctly, but the numbering remains the same. Rolasta also confirmed that there was no specific CSS styling applied to it that might override the font size and that the issue persists even in a clean CKEditor instance without additional styling.

To reproduce the issue on one ends, it needs to create an ordered list, select the entire list, and change the font size as well. The expected behavior is that, the numbers in the ordered list should change size along with the text, but the actual behavior is that only the text size changes, while the numbers remain at the default size. Our team also attached a supporting screenshots for reference and requested workaround or fixes.

Aldona Cupial-Wozniak, a Customer Services Specialist at CKSource, responded which confirming awareness of the issue and stating that they were trackcing it in our internal repository. However, she unfortunately stated that their team are not able to promise any specific ETA for changing this behavior. Aldona then promised to make sure to let us know in case of any further developments. Two months later, Namirah Anwar followed up, inquiring about any new developments as the issue was quite urgent for our team and customers and requesting an estimated timeline for when this might be addressed.

Aldona then responded to the ticket, advising that they have the improvements in this area shortlisted for Q2 in 2025. While she could not secure this timeline, she confirmed these issues were on their radar and promised to keep them updated. Exactly at a month ago, Aldona decided to close this ticket, stating "Since we have a discussion about this topic in another ticket: https://ckeditor.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/146091 So I will close this thread, and we can continue there." The ticket status is marked as "Solved" despite the issue being moved to another thread for continued discussion.
